Subpage
=======

Copyright 2015 The Open University


Thes subpage module allows users to create, manage, and view lists of Moodle
activities separately from the main course page


Warning:

We support the subpage module in Moodle 2.8 but it is likely that this module
will be discontinued in a future version. I anticipate that we will continue
to support it in Moodle 2.9 and 3.0.


Limitations:

The subpage module does not require any core changes. However, if you use it
without making core changes you will find that you are constantly redirected
back to the course page when you expected to be on the subpage.

If you would like a patch that you can apply - at your own risk, of course,
as is this whole thing - in order to make it all work a little more neatly, I
used to include this as corechanges.patch. You can retrieve this from an old
branch using the following Git command line:

git show fab7f893b4ecbda3c32c4bf2b626327cb461e837:corechanges.patch

However this patch was developed for MOODLE_21_STABLE and has not been updated
for later versions. (If you do not know how to apply patches then this is not
the time to learn...) It would be nice if we could get this functionality
included into core at some point.

Also please note that if you put something on a subpage it will seem natural
for the subpage to be included in the breadcrumbs, but it is not. We have
implemented code to address this as part of our theme; doing this properly
would require a significant core change which we haven't implemented yet.

Finally please note that in order to be able to add activities to the subpage,
you need to turn OFF the 'Activity chooser' feature that was introduced in
Moodle 2.3, and use the old 'Add an activity/resource' dropdowns. Currently
it doesn't support the activity chooser.

Support:

We cannot offer direct support. Please do not contact me directly.

Bug reports:

Please report bugs using the 'Issues' tab on GitHub.

Before reporting a bug, please ensure you are running the latest version of
the subpage that is available from:

https://github.com/moodleou/moodle-mod_subpage

In the bug report, please include your Moodle version and your subpage
version (which you can find under plugins/activities page). 

Status:

Tested, live code based on our Moodle 2.8 release.

Please note that this code is tested on OU systems but we rely on the
community for testing on other systems.

Requires:

Moodle 2.8+
Postgres / MySQL

Install:

Place the contents of this source tree into your Moodle installation so that
within your Moodle root, this file is mod/subpage/README. Then visit the
Moodle notifications page to install.

Documentation:

None. Please feel free to contribute documentation in the relevant area of
the MoodleDocs wiki.
